---
layout: post
title: Bachelor party!
---
Last Saturday we (there were 13 of us) had a bachelor party.  It was good fun!

Here's what we did:
<ul class="list"><li class="list">08.00hrs</li></ul>
We (only 3 of us) pulled our dearest bachelor out of bed and made us some bacon and eggs. A nice decent meal to start the day.

<ul class="list"><li class="list">11.00hrs <em>(<a href="http://duosprong.be">duosprong.be</a>)</em></li></ul>
Start! We're off to Spa were we had a reservation to let him jump out of a plane. A tandem jump. Oh yes, he was going to skydive! The reservation was set at 13.30hrs and we arrived at 13.15hrs, at that time he was blindfolded so you can imagine it was quiet a suprise.

Unfortunately the weather was really bad, so no jump. Of course we can make a new reservation.

<ul class="list"><li class="list">20.00hrs <em>(<a href="http://casaerotica.be">Casa Erotica</a>)</em></li></ul>
We had diner in <a href="http://casaerotica.be">an erotic restaurant</a> which was also good fun.  During diner there were 4 shows, twice a male stripper and twice a female stripper and yes she invited our bachelor on the stage! :)

<ul class="list"><li class="list">01.00hrs <em>(<a href="http://nanno.be">nanno</a>)</em></li></ul>
Afterwards, we went to a dance cafe, <a href="http://nanno.be">nanno</a>, in the center of Antwerp. I had never been there before. Good music, nice place, maybe a bit too crowed but around 3 o'clock it was much better.

...and then we went home (05.20hrs).

I think everybody had a lot of fun and we will meet again at the wedding in 14 days for another great party!

<code>Credits for the ideas:  Yves and me, for the organisation: me.</code>