---
layout: post
title: Constantly growing.
---
Read this bit of the <a href="http://www.dreamhost.com">dreamhost</a> monthly newsletter and be amazed:

<blockquote>2.  Watch your disk and bandwidth quotas GROW!

The reason I mentioned getting scratched across the eye was because MY own personal dog, Salt (named after his taste), scratched ME across the eye last night! How did a 2' 3" dog scratch a 6' 5" sexy human across the eye you might ask? THAT is a very good question.

Perhaps Salt grew, as only living things do? Only living things until NOW that is! Because right now, or maybe yesterday, depending on when I find that script to send this newsletter, all DreamHost shared hosting customers' disk and bandwidth quotas are GROWING CONSTANTLY!

That's right! Every week, your plan limits will grow as follows, at absolutely no charge:

        L1: 20MB disk and 1GB bandwidth each week!
        L2: 40MB disk and 1.5GB bandwidth each week!
        L3: 60MB disk and 2GB bandwidth each week!
        L4: 80MB disk and 2.5GB bandwidth each week!

So, the longer you host with us, the more you've got! AND, we're so nice we've even retroactively grown your limits based on how long you've been hosting with us already (up to a one year max)! If that's not something to blog about, I don't know what is! I haven't been able to get on Oprah and zap her with lightning from my finger tips... this will have to do!

In a way, it's sort of like all our plans now come with INFINITE disk and bandwidth! Of course, that doesn't mean they're NECESSARILY a good deal, because in that same way, all our plans also cost INFINITE money!</blockquote>

Need I say more? Jealous maybe? :D